# majorana
Cellular Automata for a Stochastic Markov process with Poisson Lambda = 3

We are interested in the Majorana fermionic perspective towards understanding parity in the helical fields of orthogonal particles in a Poisson distribution. This interpretation of an 'annealing' process can be mapped to instructions and job dispatching algorithms where several decisions with penalty are presented to a mealy machine. In essence, states are comprised of rule-embeddings that prefix-state and suffix uncompressed.

These can vary greatly depending on your objective function and solution space.

A good rule of thumb is that your initial temperature Tmax (The maximum gradient solution which is the temperature equivalent of your solution space: maximum efficiency of courses to be taken, ridesharing bipartite cardinality matching in diffusive processes, etc) should be set to accept roughly 98% of the moves and that the final temperature Tmin should be low enough that the solution does not improve much, if at all.

The number of steps can influence the results; if there are not enough iterations to adequately explore the search space: by search space we mean "How soon can a cab get to me if he's stuck in Los Gatos and I'm in Noe Valley with traffic being X and other variables left intact ergo ceteris paribus" it can get trapped at a local minimum (solutions are not efficient: "A driver might have to consider tasks which aren't efficient; routes with less freeway, and more congestion"). At the minimu, all RESOURCES are full and an ADDITIONAL Heapified freelist object is used to copy the state's address to carry forward the overflow bytearray that made the RESOURCES motif to indeed overflow.

The number of updates doesn't affect the results but can be useful for examining the progress. The default update method (Shelves.update) prints a hash table to stdout and includes the current "temperature" state energy; the percentage of moves accepted and improved and elapsed and remaining time. You can override .update and provide your own custom reporting mechanism to e.g. graphically plot the progress.

If you want to specify them manually, the are just attributes of the Annealer instance. If the occurrence of an event is random and rare, then the expected distribution function for this event is expected to follow a Poisson distribution. The Poisson distribution describes a number of discrete events in a sequence. Some nice properties of the Poisson processes is that the data variance equals the expected value: oar(x)=E(x) (Often seen in storm and hurricane events). The events  $\tau_i - \tau_{i-1}$ are ``exponentially'' distributed if the events are of a Poisson type. The transform $\sqrt{x}$ is more Gaussian. The Poisson processes assume that the probability of events is small to avoid having multiple events at same time. The expected number of occurrence only depends on the length of the interval over which they are counted: the occurrence does not depend on time or previous history.
